README.md, before:

# July 2024 Baskerville Virtual Training

<center><img src="img/logo.png" alt="baskerville-logo" width="200"/></center>

Training Schedule for the month of July 2024

## Schedule


|    Date    |      Time     | Event |
| ---------- | --------------| ----- |
| 05/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville login and access |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 12/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville jobs |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 19/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville self-installs |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 26/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | RELION and Doppio |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |

## Support

For technical user support, email us at [baskerville-tier2-support@contacts.bham.ac.uk](mailto:baskerville-tier2-support@contacts.bham.ac.uk)

## Acknowledgements

* [Baskerville](https://github.com/baskerville-hpc)

## [License](LICENSE.md)

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons Licence" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

addition of HackMD information to README

README.md, after:

# July 2024 Baskerville Virtual Training

<center><img src="img/logo.png" alt="baskerville-logo" width="200"/></center>

Training schedule for the month of July 2024

## HackMD

[HackMD](https://hackmd.io/hjrZGy1KT8269nePXQsDyw) contains an outline of each session as well as zoom information. This document will also be a place to ask questions during the training session.

## Schedule


|    Date    |      Time     | Event |
| ---------- | --------------| ----- |
| 05/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville login and access |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 12/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville jobs |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 19/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | Baskerville self-installs |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |
| 26/07/2024 | 13:00 - 15:00 | RELION and Doppio |
|            | 15:00 - 16:00 | Questions |

## Support

For technical user support, email us at [baskerville-tier2-support@contacts.bham.ac.uk](mailto:baskerville-tier2-support@contacts.bham.ac.uk)

## Acknowledgements

* [Baskerville](https://github.com/baskerville-hpc)

## [License](LICENSE.md)

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons Licence" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
